The Working Document:
To plan out the software development process, your working document is expected to describe the following:

Problem specification:

1.What exactly is the problem?
The problem is to design a traffic simulation which simulates the behaviour of the real world traffic. It should be based on
Australian road rules, which ust include traffic lights, a bus, a car and a motorbike. apart from that a straight road, T-intersection
and a 4-way intersection. apart from that there should be an option from city editing where user can build a city and run simulator on it.
The vehicles should not crash into each other and the speed limit is 60Km/h. Vehicle should stop a red light and move on green light.

2.How will the program be used?
This program will be used to monitor traffic on the road.
It can be run from main. It will monitor speed of the vehicles and number of vehicles on the road as well.

3.How will the program behave?
It will behave closer to the real-life traffic situations, where vehicles will be following the road rules. All the classes and methods will behave according to their defined functionality.
on opening the program user will get option if they want to run simulator or build a city first.

Problem decomposition using UML class diagrams:

1.What objects will be used and how will they interact?
    a.	Objects – Vehicle, Traffic Light, Road, Shapes
    b.	All vehicles, roads and traffic lights will inherit properties from Shapes class, which is build to draw rectangles in shapes.

2.Divide the problem into objects.
The problem is divided into various objects like: main, Traffic light, vehicle, car, bus, motorbike and road.

a. Controller will run the program, after running the program, user will see main menu, where they will get option to choose between running
simulation and building city.
b. while building city, user can add roads, vehicles and traffic lights.
c. all vehicles will follow road rules by stopping on red light and moving on green light. and while turing left and right.
d. vehicle will decide randomly which way it will turn and there is random speed for all the vehicles.

The UML diagram should be able to give a clear view of how classes  will interact.
And UML will show what member fields and methods are private, public or package-private.
